this is the inside of one 9427 nor board
this is coming in the front door this is
the living room both two sets of blinds
are in living there are hardwood floors
throughout the house hardwood floors and
there's also titled here in the foyer
there's night there's tile with a nice
pattern front door steel entry door
let's step on over to the kitchen first
we'll show you the lower row of cabinets
dishwasher and upper row of cabinets
these are oak cabinets and as a
microwave and show you the floor in here
this is a ceramic tile floor with blue
accent tiles tiles go down to the
downstairs here's the side door and
there's a stairs going down and it would
make this wait let's go back down Paul
the closet on the left also a closet on
the right as a program of programmable
thermostat over here to the remodel
bathroom
has a new medicine cabinet you know like
fixture and also the new vanity new sink
and vanity they didn't realize right
like tile in here this goes covers off
all the way around this is the shower
surround and as you can see it comes
down here and goes around this way as
well and I know back into the bedroom
first bedroom all the windows in here
are the newer vinyl siding windows and
you have their scrap wood floors in here
as well on the second bedroom be the
master bedroom assess carpeting
and this one has a larger closet
dumbledore climate and on over into the
third bedroom carpet floors again
everything here freshly painted neutral
colors accented with white trim in for
interested in this property please give
me a call at to 4705 5690 ask for ball
thanks